# The React-ReScript Book

_By Patrick C. Kilgore_

There's nothing in here thats necessary, but may be interesting.

First, this book owes a deep debt of gratitude to Steven Klabnik, Carol Nichols, 
and their collaborators who wrote [The Rust Programming 
Language](https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/book/title-page.html).  I recall a 
story, probably apocryphal, that before tearing up the literary world, the 
Bronte sisters wrote stories that were essentially copies of the greats: new 
names and slight tweaks maybe, but obviously, deeply in debt to the original.  
Eventually their own voice emerged.  And so too here.  While my intentions for 
this book go far beyond a simple copy, it certainly will begin that way. So 
thank you.

Second, I did not come up with every idea in this book.  In fact, I learned 
almost all of it from other programmers writing about a litany of languages. 
While I have tried to credit those I remember, I certainly failed.  So if you 
recognize a little of yourself in these writings: Thank you, and I'm sorry.

Third, there's an admittedly weird history here.  ReScript descends from two 
different projects: ReasonML and BuckleScript.  ReasonML itself descends from 
OCaml.  And people have _opinions_.  Heck, even as I write this, the library 
that forms the core for this work is called _Reason-React_.  There are warts and 
problems, sure, but my opinion is: who cares.  ReScript enables great software 
_right now_.  This book largely ignores this issue and is written from a 
perspective of the future where these historical struggles have fallen into 
historical irrelevance.  It is ruthlessly--maybe irrationally--optimistic about 
a future where it just doesn't matter.  If you are a beginner, it doesn't 
matter.  It's just history, and fairly boring history at that. It's not 
addressed, and that is intentional, and that is fine.

Finally, and for certainly not the last time: This is a strongly opinionated 
book, not a language reference.  But I am not infallible, and I am frequently 
wrong.  Do what gets work done, and don't let anyone--not even me--tell you 
otherwise.

You can find me on twitter at [0xPCK](https://twitter.com/0xPCK), where I'm 
always interested in feedback.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- Patrick

<!-- 
vim:spelllang=en:spell!:fo=aw2tq
-->
